clear help update from Ellison bound
hazard orthopedics a proud supporter of
the cone head coach Jeff Walz is now
presenting Shoni with a plaque from USA
basketball for her contributions to the
gold medal winning team let's have it at
the low right pitch out Shelley left
wing open three got it opens things up
when you get that ball inside Jodi left
block in for ham and wide open kissed it
off the glass left lok hammer the top
gives it right corner surely she'll Jack
a three up in here Cap Anson ewbal fake
steps elbow left jump shot up it is
resonating Tony to the baseline goes to
the block and mati Henderson seven
half-court be patient and read the beat
we get over to show knee right wing move
to the baseline fade away 15 butter
smithson so cardinal pregame show good
wide right ball knocked around Henderson
Charles and get him all right talk to
the right wing now give it the Hammond
to the basket got in from the low riding
does it offer Gibbs to you will move
Fallon short jumper straightaway off the
iron and down trying dribbling backing
down to a right to her left sweeps in
later than ham hands money still
dribbling feeds taylor action later than
Lola right Taylor it's happy we made the
ball inside largest lead I am key enters
Hammond got it on the right with a left
hand passes foul line Dinah short jumper
with a right hand good from 10 yes
heading right across the top of that
zone and then it turned over on a Taylor
shoulder ya head for Smith to the basket
later in low on the right a front
Schimmel lob it for Hammond to the post
one dribble back to her right sharjah
good from the smith on the left wing and
now the shimmer on the top for a trip
will try got it
this basketball good underneath for
Taylor pitches back to Jesse and Dinah
stocks her shot defender went for the
steal and Smith was able to Quran up
love it for a good blow on the right
Smith into the lane through the lane
right side fadeaway need am interested
Taylor right elbow cross-court left lock
him in caught it later Danis your ex
traffic to the left wing it's Gible fix
to shoot froze at three high on the left
only a minute
up front for Shoni drive into the lane
leave it underneath for Hammond for a
wrap around the sand layer achieve it
was not pretty but again the
fifth-ranked Cardinals defeat UCF 75 56